um hello I'm Emma and it's lovely to be
back in Japan again um I'm having a
great time and um I really really hope
you enjoy it the film emo I perform son
particularly in this film there's a lot
that I can relate to from my life and
see what Somali is going through and I
loved the challenge of the Yule Ball
scene I think there's a huge emotional
range for Himani in that the beginning
being completely in love and swept off
her feet and then to the end just being
completely crushed and gutted by her
fairy tale being ruined by Ron who's
very jealous and that was probably the
biggest challenge for me but and I
really enjoyed it a difficult question
to answer because you know I didn't
really notice myself growing up but I
think from people who watch the films um
it's probably more obvious I I started
working on these films from about the
age of 10 11 and I'm now 15 so um quite
lots happened in that time and I
definitely feel different to making
these films I think it's difficult to
explain and but um I suppose I feel more
and the experience has done me wonders I
feel like I've learnt so much and been
able to see so many places meet so many
wonderful people and so yes I think I
have changed quite a bit all right
we have only one question and this
question is for Miss Emma Watson Emma we
have a difficult question for you we
would like to know who your favorite
type of guy is let me give you three
choices to make a simple first choice
will be somebody who's sharp and smart
like Harry Potter type and second type
will be somebody who's warm-hearted and
funny but sometimes can be
scatterbrained and a little bit
disorganized like one type and third
type is somebody who's tough inside and
inside out like Viktor Krum in the movie
an ideal world you would merge or
straighten together and that would be my
guy but I'm oh thanks David I hope so
and probably um so difficult I'm stuck
between Harry and Ron um but I think
think Harry I think the Harry the
intelligence
and I was very nervous to live up to
this a fairytale moment that it is for
Hermione it's meant to be you know has
Cinderella um sort of transformation and
there was coiled pressure for it to be
really um you know really amazing so I
found that all quite overwhelming and as
for acting out the romance in it
Stan is such a warm and lovely guy I
felt so comfortable and didn't really I
wasn't really very that nervous about
that
too much at all but there was quite of
anticipation before we shot the herbal
steam that it did it be perfect so
yeah